NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, June 17, 2024
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                        Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by the Deacon of All Saints Episcopal Church                                                                          Kay Boman-Harvey
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                       Boy Scouts
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                 Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
6.
*Action Item* Claims for NEO Concrete                                                                        Trustees
Claims List
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:	May 20, 2024 (Regular) and June 03, 2024 (Regular)                                                                 Trustees
Minutes: May 20, 2024
Minutes: June 03, 2024
8.
*Action Item* Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing and Associated Complaint Proceeding in the Amount of $16,294.34                          Tyler Cline
BA
Claims List
9.
*Action Item* Goodell, Stratton, Edmonds & Palmer Claim for GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $990.00                        Tyler Cline
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Goodell, Stratton, Edmonds & Palmer Claim for Civil Litigation in the Amount of $5,190.63                      Tyler Cline
BA
Claims List
11.
*Action Item* Contract Amendment #1 for Annual (6 Month) On-Call Concrete Repair (C23-58) With HASSCO Fabrication, Scott Construction, Torres Concrete, Collins Construction, and Neece Concrete Construction Contingent Upon Submission of all Required Contract Documents                        Brian Brassfield
BA
Hassco Fab & Construction Amendment
Scott Construction Amendment
Torres Concrete Construction Amendment
Collins Construction Amendment
Neece Concrete Construction Amendment
12.
* Action Item* Engagement Letter With Crawford & Associates for Accounting Services in Fiscal Year 2024-2025               Brian Brassfield
BA
Letter of Engagement
13.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Tyler Cline
14.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                               Trustees
Pollution Control
Pollution Control Bypass Report
Solid Waste
15.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                  Trustees
16.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item #17 of the Regular Meeting of the Miami City Council                                                Chairman Parker
17.
Executive Session in the Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Session Minutes                                          Trustees
18.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(C)(11) for Purposes of Conferring on Matters Pertaining to Economic Development, Financing, or the Creation of a Proposal to Entice a Business to Locate or Expand Within the City of Miami or the Trust Service Area                         Trustees
19.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                                          Trustees
20.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session                                          Trustees
21.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 18                                   Trustees
22.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 19                                                          Trustees
23.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                      Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.