NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, January 15, 2019
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                             Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Retired Pastor of First Christian Church                                                                                     Leon Weece
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                              Chairman Schultz
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                      Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $1,616,432.05                                                                                                   Trustees
Claims List: January 15, 2019
7.
Approve Minutes:  January 03, 2019 (Regular)                                                                         Trustees
Minutes: January 03, 2019
8.
Budget Amendment:
#19-46 MSUA - Wastewater  (Receipting and Expending Refund Check From Pace Analytical)
9.
Approve all Small Claims Court Pleadings and Processes at the Discretion of the City Attorney for the Following Delinquent Accounts: for Mchok Iuchy, Elizabeth Lively, Brandon Hale, Adam Enochs, Joshua Crider, Justin Hammons, Macie King, Carolyn Blizzard, Brent Baine, Tony Kuester, Jeffrey Farris, and Jennifer Varga to be Filed in Small Claims Court                                                          Krista Duhon
BA
10.
Tabled Agenda Item From January 03, 2019: Approve Recommendation to Reject all Bids Received in Response to Solicitation C18-110 - Central Avenue Street Improvements                                              S. McConnaughey
BA
11.
Accept or Reject bid #C18-110 in the Amount of $1,071,162.15 to Neece Concrete Construction, Inc. for Central Avenue Street Improvements; Approve Contract Contingent Upon Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                                                   S. McConnaughey
BA
Neece Construction Bid
Contract
Bid Tally
Bid Packet
12.
Contract C18-102 With Pennsylvania Transformer Technology, Inc. (PTTI) for Substation Transformers in the Amount of $1,606,254.00 Contingent Upon Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                 S. McConnaughey
BA
Contract
13.
Change Order #1 for C18-102 for Accelerated Delivery Schedule for Substation Transformers in the Amount of $10,000                                                                     S. McConnaughey
BA
Change Order
14.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                                    Trustees
15.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                                                 Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
16.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                           Trustees
17.
Adjournment                                                                          Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.