NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, March 7, 2017
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                     Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of the First United Methodist Church                               J. Mark Rickman
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                            Chairman Schultz
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                    Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims: $476,432.41 as Described on the Attached Claims List                      Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
Meter Fund
7.
Minutes: February 07, 2017	                               Trustees
Minutes February 07, 2017
8.
Budget Amendment:
#17-42 MSUA - Electric (Receipting & Expending Insurance Funds for damages to a MSUA vehicle)
#17-43 MSUA - Transfer (Expending funds to transfer to the Miami Travel Information Center to assist with start-up costs)
9.
Olsson Associates Work Order #12 for Preliminary Cost Estimate for Rebuilding Substation Number One                              Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order #12
Power Point
10.
Olsson Associates Work Order #13 for Design of the Nichols Substation, also Known as Substation Number Two                    Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order #13
Supporting Document
Power Point
11.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                  Trustees
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                      Trustees
Waste & Waste Water
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                               Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                             Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.