NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, January 2, 2018
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                        Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Retired Pastor of First Christian Church                                                 Leon Weece
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                       Trustee Lewis
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                 Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $1,264,848.72                                                                                   Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
Credit Cards 3
7.
Approve Minutes:                                                      Trustees
November 21, 2017 (Regular)
December 05, 2017 (Regular)
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                 Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
8.
Acknowledge Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) Permit No. WL000058170609 for the Construction of 4,000 Linear Feet of Eight Inch HDPE, 2,000 Linear Feet of Six Inch HDPE Potable Water Line to Serve F St., G St., and H St. From Central Avenue to 4th NW                                    Tyler Cline
BA
Permit and Project Plans
9.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))                             Trustees
10.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                   Trustees
Pollution Control
Human Resources 1
Human Resources 2
Solid Waste
11.
Trustee Community Announcements                                           Trustees
12.
Adjournment                                                       Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.