NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, June 20, 2023
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of Apostolic Assembly Church                                                                  Phil Shyers
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                Trustee Sundberg
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                            Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
6.
*Action Item* Minutes: June 05, 2023 (Regular)	                                                          Trustees
Minutes
7.
*Action Item* Goodell, Stratton, Edmonds & Palmer Claim for GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $810.00                 Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
8.
*Action Item* Acceptance of Power Line Relocation 520th Road Utility Easements From Ottawa County Rural Water District, Ricky & Lisa Yates, James Franklin & Catherine Louise Williams, Hiram E & Sandra J Price, and Steven Earl Hollis                              Tyler Cline/ Jason Holliday/ Jacob Bradley
BA
Ottawa County Rural Water Easement
Ricky & Lisa Yates Easement
James Franklin & Catherine Louise Williams Easement
Hiram E & Sandra J Price Easement
Steven Earl Hollis Easement
9.
*Action Item* Power Line Relocation 520th Road Utility Relocation Agreement With Oklahoma Department of Transportation (ODOT) and the Ottawa County Commissioners               Tyler Cline
BA
Agreement
10.
*Action Item* Declare an Immediate Emergency Allowing for Emergency Purchases According to Sec. 2-33. Bids Process (i) Emergency Purchases (1) at the Solid Waste Transfer Station                      Brian Brassfield/Tyler Cline
BA
11.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                              Trustees/Bo Reese
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                 Trustees
Pollution Control
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                   Trustees
14.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 16 of the Regular Meeting of the Miami City Council                           Chairman Parker
15.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(C)(11) for Purposes of Conferring on Matters Pertaining to Economic Development, Financing, or the Creation of a Proposal to Entice a Business to Locate Within The City of Miami or the Trust Service Area                                    Trustees
16.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                          Trustees
17.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session of the Trust                                       Trustees
18.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 16                         Trustees
19.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                        Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.