NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, June 16, 2020
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                           Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Director of Norse Campus Ministries                                                                             Steve Whitesell
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                        Chairman Schultz
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                            Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                            Trustees
Claims List
7.
Approve Minutes:  June 02, 2020 (Regular)                                                     Trustees
Minutes: June 02, 2020
8.
Approve Annual Contract Renewals for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 as follows:                                                 Krista Duhon
a.
C19-30 to BACCO for High Voltage Line Clearance Tree Trimming and Tree Removal Service (First of Two Allowable Extensions)
b.
C18-30 to CLEAN Uniform Service for Uniform Service (Third of Four Allowable Extensions)
c.
C18-78 to Waste Corp of Kansas, LLC for Annual Tipping Fees for Solid Waste Disposal Service (Second of Three Allowable Extensions)
d.
C19-29 to Kemp Stone for Annual as Needed Aggregate (First of Three Allowable Extensions)
e.
C19-27B to Muskogee Sand for Annual Concrete Sand (First of Three Allowable Extensions)
f.
C18-76 to NEO Concrete for Annual Concrete Materials (Second of Three Allowable Extensions)
BA
Bacco Amendment
Clean Uniform Amendment
Waste Corp of Kansas Amendment
Kemp Stone Amendment
Muskogee Sand Amendment
NEO Concrete Amendment
9.
Approve Award of Annual Contracts After Review of all bid Submissions and Staff Recommendations for C20-26 (Plumbing), C20-27 (Electrician), and C20-24 (Sod) for Fiscal Year 2020-2021 and Authorize Purchasing Agent and City Manager to Sign Notice to Proceed as Recommended by Staff and Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                                       Krista Duhon
BA
Livingston Plumbing Bid
Plumbing Contract Livingston
On-Call Plumbing Solicitation Pkt
Booth & Booth bid
H&K Bid
Electrician Contract Booth & Booth
Electrician Contract H&K
On-Call Electrician Solicitation Pkt
Verdigris Sod bid
WDM Environmental bid
Sod Contract
Sod Solicitation Pkt
10.
Olsson and Associates Master Service Agreement Work Order #20/21-1 for Six Months for General MSUA Engineering Services Not to Exceed $60,000 Combined                             Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order Agreement
11.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                         Trustees
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                          Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
Customer Service
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                             Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                                   Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.