NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, December 16, 2024
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by the Reverand of All Saints Episcopal Church                                      Mary Susan Whaley
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                  Trustee Barnes
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                     Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
6.
*Action Item* Minutes:  November 18, 2024 (Regular)                                Trustees
Minutes
7.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:                                     Jill Fitzgibbon
#25-13 Receipting and Expending Monies From Sale of Well 1 Scrap Metal to Assist With the Unforeseen Repair
Budget Amendment
8.
*Action Item* Annual Contract Renewal for "As Needed" Aggregate Rock (C23-59) With Kemp Stone                             Brian Brassfield
BA
Amendment
9.
*Action Item* Annual Contract Renewal for Concrete Sand Supply (C23-60) With Muskogee Sand                                        Brian Brassfield
BA
Amendment
10.
*Action Item* Annual Contract Renewal for "As Needed" Concrete Material (C23-61) With NEO Concrete                   Brian Brassfield
BA
Amendment
11.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Tyler Cline
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                              Trustees
Customer Service
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                Trustees
14.
The Meeting Will be Continued From the Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item #20 of the Regular Meeting of the Miami City Council                      Chairman Parker
15.
Executive Session in the Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Session Minutes                                    Trustees
16.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. §307(B)(4) for Purposes of Confidential Communications Between the Trust and its Attorney Concerning a Pending Investigation, Claim, or Action, to wit:  City of Miami, et al., v. GRDA CJ-08-619 and F.E.R.C. Project No. 1494                                Trustees
17.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(C)(11) for Purposes of Conferring on Matters Pertaining to Economic Development, Financing, or the Creation of a Proposal to Entice a Business to Locate or Expand Within the City of Miami or the Trust Service Area                   Trustees
18.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                             Trustees
19.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session                              Trustees
20.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 16                                          Trustees
21.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 17                             Trustees
22.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 18              Trustees
23.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                     Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.