NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, December 19, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                     Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Chief of Miami Fire Department                                                                     Robert Wright
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                   Trustee Williams
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                    Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                      Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  December 05, 2022 (Regular)                                                         Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment                                                                                                Jill Fitzgibbon
#23-09B Moving Monies From the Capital Improvement Fund to the MSUA Fund to Pay  For the Purchase of a Community Development SUV in the Amount of $31,776.25
9.
*Action Item* Goodell, Stratton, Edmonds & Palmer Claim for GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $4,359.84                                     Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Tetra Tech Claim for Neosho River 2-D Modeling in the Amount of $36,300.00                                                    Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
11.
*Action Item* Mutual Aid Agreement With American Public Power Associations and Resolution MSUA2022-05 Approving Participation in the Mutual Aid Agreement With Municipal Electric Systems of Oklahoma                                        Tyler Cline
BA
APPA Agreement
Resolution
Information Sheet
Planning Guide
12.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Bo Reese
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                            Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                           Trustees
15.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 15 of the Regular Meeting of the Miami City Council                                   Chairman Parker
16.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                                            Trustees
17.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 16                                                                           Trustees
18.
Adjournment                                                                                    Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.