NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, July 18, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                    Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Retired Pastor of First Christian Church                                                                   Leon Weece
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                              Trustee Sundberg
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                       Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                  Trustees
Claims List June 30
Claims List
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  June 21, 2022 (Regular) and July 05, 2022 (Regular)                                                    Trustees
June 21, 2022
July 05, 2022
8.
*Action Item*Tabled Agenda Item From July 05, 2022: Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $33,510.00         Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
9.
*Action Item* Goodell Stratton Edmonds & Palmer LLC. Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $5,716.37                        Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Award Bid C22-15A Contract for SH69A/10 Waterline Relocation in the Amount of $331,000.00; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Documents and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                              S. McConnaughey
BA
Contractor Approval With Bid Documents
Contract
Solicitation Packet
Water Plans
11.
*Action Item* Award Bid C22-16A Contract for SH69A/10 Sanitary Sewer Relocation in the Amount of $216,000.00; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Documents and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                             S. McConnaughey
BA
Contractor Approval With Bid Documents
Contract
Solicitation Packet
Sewer Plans
12.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                      Trustees/Bo Reese
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                    Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                              Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                                                           Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.