NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, November 15, 2021
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                         Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First Presbyterian Church                                                                        Ray VandeGiessen
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                  Trustee Estep
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                              Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 11 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                     Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  November 01, 2021 (Regular)                                                                    Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Three (3) Perpetual Utility Easements From J-M Farms, LLC., (Grantor), as Presented                                                                      Tyler Cline
BA
Easement 1
Easement 2
Easement 3
9.
*Action Item* One (1) Perpetual Utility Easement From Jurgensmeyer Realty Corporation, (Grantor), as Presented                                                   Tyler Cline
Easement
10.
*Action Item* One (1) Perpetual Utility Easement From Miami Industrial Supply and Mfg. Inc., (Grantor), as Presented                                             Tyler Cline
Easement
11.
*Action Item* Two (2) Perpetual Utility Easements From 4-J’s LLC., (Grantor), as Presented                                                       Tyler Cline
Easement 1
Easement 2
12.
*Action Item* Letter of Engagement With Willdan Financial Services to Perform a 2022 Electric, Water, Wastewater, and Solid Waste Rate Study and Non-Rate Fee Study                               Tyler Cline/Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Letter of Engagement
13.
*Action Item* Goodell Stratton Claim for GRDA Relicensing                                                        Trustees
Claims List
14.
Staff Reports                                                                                                  Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
15.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                                   Trustees
16.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                Trustees
17.
Adjournment                                                                                 Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.