NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, June 21, 2016
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                     Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Rector of All Saints Episcopal Church                       Mary Koppel
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                     Trustee Johnson
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims:	$1,265,655.32 as Described on the Attached Claims List                         Trustees
Claims List
Meter Fund
7.
Minutes:	June 07, 2016                                 Trustees
06072016 Minutes
8.
Approve Product Lease Agreement with MailFinance for Postage Meter Rental for FY 16-17 ($4,600)                             Lindsay Schnakenberg
BA
Lease Agreement
10.
Approve Rescheduling MSUA Auction to July 09, 2016             Randy Hinds
BA
9.
Approve MSUA Item as Surplus to be Sold at City Auction on July 09, 2016                                        Rand Hinds
BA
10.
Security Bank & Trust Co. Contract to Process Utility Payments for the Miami Special Utility Authority                 Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Contract
11.
Resolution Authorizing the Sale, Issuance and Delivery of Certificates of Indebtedness of the Authority to Provide Funds to Refinance Certain Outstanding Indebtedness of the Authority; Authorizing Sale Thereof at a Discount; and Waiving Competitive Bidding Thereon               Greg Nieto
Resolution
Timeline
10.
Security Bank & Trust Co. Contract to Process Utility Payments for the Miami Special Utility Authority                 Jill Fitzgibbon
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))
11.
Resolution Authorizing the Sale, Issuance and Delivery of Certificates of Indebtedness of the Authority to Provide Funds to Refinance Certain Outstanding Indebtedness of the Authority; Authorizing Sale Thereof at a Discount; and Waiving Competitive Bidding Thereon               Greg Nieto
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)        Trustees
Solid Waste
Pollution Control
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                          Trustees
15.
Adjournment                            Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.