NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, August 2, 2021
6:00  
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Director of Invocation by Pastor of One Church                                                                                                                                                  Herb Young
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                                                                                                                                                Trustee Davis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
Discussion Regarding the Implementation of the MSUA Electric Rates                                                                                                                              Chairman Parker
6.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 7 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
7.
Approve Claims                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Trustees
Claims (June 30, 2021)
Claims
8.
Approve Minutes: June 19, 2021 (Regular)                                                                                                                                                                                            Trustees
Minutes
9.
Approval of Amendment to Annual On-Call Asphalt Paving Contract with Teeter’s Paving (C20-58)                                                                                           Krista Duhon
BA
Contract Amendment
10.
Resolution Authorizing the Acquisition of Property for the Widening of the Feeder 23 Alleyway, Including Easements and the Settlement of Claims Related to the Acquisition of Property                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
Map
11.
Approve Resolution Authorizing Acquisition of Property for Highway 69A Infrastructure Expansion Including Easements and Settlement of Claims Related to Acquisition of Property                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
Map
12.
Approve E Source Work Order Contract for AMI Metering Field Survey and Grant Writing Services                                                                                                 Tyler Cline
BA
Draft Proposal
Non-Collusion Affidavit
Email
13.
Approve Six-Month Master Agreement Work Order 21/2-1 for General City Engineering Services with Olsson Associates, Inc.                                                                  Shaun McConnaughey
BA
Work Order
14.
Discussion on GRDA Winter Storm Estimated Bill                                                                                                                                                    Tyler Cline/Bo Reese
Presentation
Options
15.
Staff Reports                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Trustees
16.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                                  Trustees
17.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                                                                                                            Trustees
18.
Adjournment                                                                                                                                                                                 Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.