NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, September 3, 2024
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                     Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by the Fire Department Fire Chief                                                                Chris Chenoweth
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                Boys & Girls Club
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                         Trustees
Claims List
6.
*Action Item* Minutes:  August 19, 2024 (Regular)	                                              Trustees
Minutes
7.
*Action Item* Contract Amendment With Placer.AI for Annual Subscription In the Amount of $17,850.00                      Keith Osborn
Placer.AI - BA 09032024
Agreement
8.
*Action Item* iamGIS Annual Subscription Contract for Work Order Management and Approve Claim For Fiscal Year 2024-2025 in the Amount of $15,000.00                    Derric Lollar
BA
Agreement
9.
*Action Item* Goodell, Stratton, Edmonds & Palmer Claim for Civil Litigation in the Amount of $5,293.75                  Tyler Cline
BA
Claims List
10.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Tyler Cline
11.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                           Trustees
12.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                 Trustees
13.
The Meeting Will be Continued From the Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of the Regular Meeting of the Miami Industrial Public Facilities Authority                              Chairman Parker
14.
Executive Session in the Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Session Minutes                                                            Trustees
15.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(C)(11) for Purposes of Conferring on Matters Pertaining to Economic Development, Financing, or the Creation of a Proposal to Entice a Business to Locate or Expand Within the City of Miami or the Trust Service Area                    Trustees
16.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                              Trustees
17.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session                                         Trustees
18.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 15                                              Trustees
19.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 16                                   Trustees
20.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                      Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.