NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, October 1, 2019
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                              Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Father of Sacred Heart Catholic Church                                                            Samuel Perez
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                               Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                            Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $205,136.32                                                                   Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
7.
Approve Minutes:  September 17, 2019 (Regular)                                                                Trustees
Minutes
8.
Budget Amendment:
#20-07A MSUA - Electric, Water Distr. (Re-Encumbering Funds From FY 18-19)
9.
Accept or Reject Change Order #2 for C18-110 With Neece Concrete for Central Avenue Street Improvements for Additional Working Days Due to Weather and for Replacement of Section of Sewer Not to Exceed $2,300.00                  Tyler Cline/ S. McConnaughey
BA
Change Order
10.
Adding Section 27-8 (Credit Cards and Debit Cards) of Chapter 27 (Budget and Finance); Regarding Accepting Credit Cards and Debit Cards, and Collecting a Service Fee From the Customer                                   Ben Loring/Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Ordinance
11.
Award Credit Card Processing Services                                                      Jill Fitzgibbon / Mike Addington
BA
Point & Pay Response
Retail Lockbox Merchant Services Response
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                Trustees
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                       Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                           Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.