                                                                                                     1221 Oak Street
             ZANEVAN ENGINEERING, LLC                                                            Carthage, MO 64836
                                                                                                       417.800.2500
             E N G I N E E R I N G   ·   L A N D   S U R V E Y I N G   ·   G E O S P A T I A L
                                                                                                  www.zanevan.com




July 20, 2026

City of Miami
Attn: Travis Jones
129 5th Avenue NW
Miami, OK 74354

RE: Development Review 1834 A NE, Lots 5, 6, & 7, Block 2, Castle Park Addition

Dear Mr. Jones,

The proposed development at the above-referenced address has been reviewed. It is understood
that the existing building has formerly been utilized as a church, and the new development will
entail remodeling the structure to convert the building into residential apartments. The apartments
will consist of four 2-bedroom, 1-bathroom, single-story units. The following items were reviewed
to determine the impact of the development on the local infrastructure:

1.    Sanitary Sewer main capacity: The receiving sanitary sewer main is an 8-inch diameter pipe.
     This is a typical size for residential district housing. Due to the light density of the proposed
     apartments, the receiving sewer should be considered adequate to serve the development.
2.   Stormwater runoff: The roof area of proposed building remodel will not be changed from the
     pre-existing conditions; in addition, the parking area will remain the same. Therefore, since
     there will be no increase in impervious area that would cause additional stormwater runoff
     volumes, the change in use of the facility should not cause any change to stormwater flows.
3.   Water main: The existing water main is a 6-inch pipe serving the residential area on this street.
     This is a typical size main for residential district housing. No water flow or pressures issues
     currently exist in this area. The water main should provide adequate pressure and flows to
     serve the apartments as proposed.
4.   Street Pavement: Due to the light density of the proposed apartments, the local streets should
     not see a significant increase in the number of vehicles utilizing the road to access this
     location. Therefore, the streets should not expect to experience any additional abnormal
     deterioration caused by traffic to this development.
5.   Geometric Street Considerations: Due to the light density of the proposed apartment remodel,
     no significant increase in vehicular volume is anticipated. The existing local, two-lane street
     geometry is adequate to serve the local residential area.
6.   Capital Improvements: The existing infrastructure is adequate to service residential-zoned
     areas. No additional improvements to the public infrastructure should be anticipated.

Sincerely,

Zanevan Engineering


Jason Eckhart, PE
President
