NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, January 3, 2023
6:00  
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                Vice Chairman Estep
2.
Invocation by Minister of First Christian Church                                                                       Brandon Fletcher
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                   Trustee Williams
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                                               Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                                    Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  December 19, 2022 (Regular)                                                          Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:                                                    Jill Fitzgibbon
#23-13B Moving Capital Improvement Unbudgeted Carryover Monies to the MSUA Fund to Purchase 124 N Main Street
9.
*Action Item * Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing and Associated Complaint Proceeding in the Amount of $69,944.00                                                    Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Resolution MSUA2023-01 Approving Participation in the Municipal Electric Systems of Oklahoma Inc’s (MESO) Mutual Aid Agreement and Approve Mutual Aid Agreement                 Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
Agreement
Information Sheet
11.
*Action Item* Resolution MSUA2023-02 Approving Participation in the American Public Power Association’s Mutual Aid Agreement and Approve Mutual Aid Agreement                          Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
Agreement
12.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Bo Reese
13.
Trustee Community Announcements								Trustees
14.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 14 of the Regular Meeting of the Miami City Council                                        Vice Chairman Estep
15.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                                                Trustees
16.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 15                                                      Trustees
17.
Adjournment                                                                                Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.