NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, May 21, 2019
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                         Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of Miami Friends Church                                                        David Frazier
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                Trustee Forrester
4.
Presentation of Municipal Electric Systems of Oklahoma Drake Rice Customer Service Award to Customer Service Supervisor Heather Bailey                                Tom Rider
Information
Nomination Letter
5.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
6.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                             Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 7 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
7.
Approve Claims:  $910,384.00                                                 Trustees
Claims List
8.
Approve Minutes:  May 07, 2019 (Regular)                                               Trustees
Minutes: May 07, 2019 (Regular)
9.
Budget Amendments:                                                             Mike Addington
#19-84A Rainy Day - Admin Services (Transfer to Cover GRDA Relicensing Cost Overages)
#19-85 MSUA - Debt Service (Expending PY Reserves to Cover Unbudgeted Bond Payments)
10.
Accept or Reject Olsson and Associates Work Order No. 18/19-7 for Progress Industrial Park Improvements and Extension, and State Revolving Fund Loan Funding Documents                 Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order
11.
Accept or Reject Olsson and Associates Work Order No. 18/19-9 for Substation #1 and Substation #2 Construction Services                            Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))   Trustees
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                              Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                       Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                                  Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.