NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, May 16, 2017
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                 Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of New Life Nazarene Church	                                                 C. Hollingsworth
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                         Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                    Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims:  $1,175,530.54 as Described on the Attached Claims List                               Trustees
Claims List
7.
Minutes:  April 18, 2017                                                  Trustees
Minutes: April 18, 2017
8.
Reject all Bids Submitted in Response to Solicitation C17-103 for the NEO Sanitary Sewer Rehabilitation Project                      Tyler Cline/ S. McConnaughey
BA
Supporting Document 1
Supporting Document 2
PPT
9.
Amend Section 24-64 (Billing Tables), Subparagraph (d) of Section 24-57, (Residential Electric Service Rate Schedule), Subparagraph (d) of Section 24-58, (General Service Electric Rate Schedule), Subparagraph (f)(2) of Section 24-59 (Commercial Service Electric Rate Schedule) and Subparagraph (f)(2) of Section 24-63 (Industrial Service Electric Rate Schedule IS-1001), and Repealing Section 24-30.4 (Utility Board - Adjustment to Rates), all Contained Within Chapter 24 (Utilities), Article II (Rates and Charges), Division 2 (Electricity); Establishing Electric Rate Schedules.    Tyler Cline/D. Roundtree
BA
Electric Rate Ordinance
Transfer Limit Resolution
Transfer Limit Ordinance
10.
Amend Section 24-60 (Purchase Power Adjustment Schedule PPA) Within Chapter 24 (Utilities), Article II (Rates and Charges), Division 2 (Electricity); Establishing Guidelines for Recovering Power Cost Adjustment Surcharges		Tyler Cline/D. Roundtree
BA
PPA Ordinance
PPT
11.
Discussion on Water and Sewer Rates Ordinance and Capital Improvement Plan        Tyler Cline/D. Roundtree
BA
Rate Increase Dates
Water & Waste Water Capital Plan
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))                      Trustees
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                      Trustees
Solid Waste Report
Pollution Control Report
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                              Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                               Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.