NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, March 3, 2020
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                  Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Deacon of All Saints Episcopal Church                                                                   Kay Boman Harvey
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                      Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                     Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                          Trustees
Claims List
7.
Approve Minutes:	February 18, 2020 (Regular)                                                           Trustees
Minutes
8.
Accept or Reject bid C20-06 in the Amount of $55,455.00 to Anixter for Furnishing of Self-Contained Dual Source 3 Phase Pad Mounted Automatic Circuit Transfer Switch; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents, and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                                      Tyler Cline
BA
Anixter Bid
Contract
Bid Packet
9.
Accept or Reject bid C20-09 in the Amount of $287,500.00 to Goins Enterprises Inc. for Birnamwood Underground Electric Replacement; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                                                   Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Goins Bid
CDL Bid
PSC Primoris Bid
Crafton Bid
Bid Tally
Award Recommendation
Contract
Figure
Tech Specs
Bid Packet
10.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                   Trustees
11.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                            Trustees
12.
Adjournment                                                                         Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.