THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA) MET IN SPECIAL SESSION ON MARCH 31, 2026, IN THE

MIAMI CIVIC CENTER COUNCIL CHAMBERS AT 5:30PM WITH THE FOLLOWING MEMBERS PRESENT:

Bless Parker, Chairman Tyler Cline, Trust Manager

Brian Estep, Trustee Misty Barnes, City Attorney

Kevin Dunkel, Trustee (Absent) Melissa Moore, City Cierk

Kyla Jones, Trustee

Haleigh Barnes, Trustee

Notice of a special meeting of the Miami Special Utility Authority, Miami, Oklahoma, called by Chairman

Bless Parker, was displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by posting on

www.miamiokla.net starting at 5:30PM on March 26, 2026, pursuant to 25 O.S. §311(9) (a) and (b) and

the agenda was displayed and posted in the same manner on March 30, 2026, at 2:00PM.

THE TRUST MAY TAKE ANY OF THE. FOLLOWING ACTIONS: DISCUSS, CONSIDER AND VOTE FOR
- APPROVAL, ACCEPTANCE, REJECTION, AMENDMENT AND/OR POSTPONEMENT OF ANY ITEM LISTED IN

THIS AGENDA:

1. Call to Order

Chairman Parker called the meeting to order at 5:31pm.

2. Invocation

invocation by Deputy Chief of the Miami Fire Department, Shannon Biggs.

3. Pledge of Allegiance

Chairman Parker led the Pledge of Allegiance.

4. Discussion and Possible Action Items

A. Consider and Take Action With Respect to Resolution MSUA2026-05 Authorizing the Miami Special

Utility Authority ("Authority") to Issue its Utility System and Sales Tax Revenue Note, Series 2026 in

the Aggregate Principal Amount of Not To Exceed $14,200,000.00; Waiving Competitive Bidding and

Authorizing the Note to be Sold on a Negotiated Basis; Approving and Authorizing Execution of a Sales

Tax Agreement By and Between the City of Miami, Oklahoma ("City") and the Authority Pertaining to

a Year-to Year Pledge of Certain Sales Tax Revenue; Approving and Authorizing Execution of an

Indenture Authorizing the Issuance and Securing the Payment of the Note; Providing That the

Organizational Document Creating the Authority is Subject to the Provisions of the Indenture;

Ratifying and Confirming a Lease Pertaining to the City's Water, Sanitary Sewer, Garbage, and Electric

- Systems; Authorizing and Directing the Execution of the Note and Other Documents Relating to the

Transaction, Including Professional Services Agreements and a Party Agreement; and Containing

Other Provisions Relating Thereto

Tyler Cline explained that this is the funding for the fiber, Advanced Metering Infrastructure (AMI)

meters, and some work at the water plant. Cline introduced Chris Gander with BOK Financial Securities,

and both Nathan Ellis and Allen Brooks with The Public Finance Law Group. Allen Brooks explained that

Simmons Bank provided the best option for the interest rate and there is no pre-payment penalty, if the

Trust would want to refinance in the future. Brooks explained that the representatives will monitor this

project. The resolution authorizes the execution of various documents that are required to secure this

MSUA - Spec Page 1 of 3 March 31, 2026

funding. The anticipated fiber revenués are not pledged for this funding. Brooks explained that the
recommendation is to approve this resolution and accept the bid from Simmons Bank. Crystal Wyrick
expressed her appreciation to the representatives of BOK Financial Securities and The Public Finance
| Law Group for their assistance with this project. Chairman Parker expressed his appreciation for staff for
| working on this project and for getting a four-point four percent (4.4%) interest rate.
Chairman Parker made a motion to approve Resolution MSUA2026-05 authorizing the Miami Special
Utility Authority ("Authority") to issue its Utility System and Sales Tax Revenue Note, Series 2026 in the
aggregate principal amount of not to exceed $14,200,000.00; waiving competitive bidding and
authorizing the note to be sold on a negotiated basis; approving and authorizing execution of a sales tax
| agreement by and between the City of Miami, Oklahoma ("City") and the authority pertaining to a year-
to year pledge of certain sales tax revenue; approving and authorizing execution of an indenture
authorizing the issuance and securing the payment of the note; providing that the organizational
document creating the authority is subject to the provisions of the indenture; ratifying and confirming a
lease pertaining to the city's water, sanitary sewer, garbage, and electric systems; authorizing and
directing the execution of the note and other documents relating to the transaction, including
professional services agreements and a party agreement; and containing other provisions relating
thereto. The motion was seconded by Trustee Estep. The Trust was pelled with the following results:
| Parker, Aye Estep, Aye Jones, Aye - Barnes, Aye Dunkel, Absent
Chairman Parker declared the motion carried.
| 5. The Meeting Will be Continued From the Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for
Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of the Special Meeting of the Miami City Council
| The Trust continued the meeting from the Council Chambers at 5:43PM and reconvened in the Staff Room
| for purposes of the executive session at the completion of the City Council meeting.
| The City Clerk left the meeting at 5:43PM, and minutes were taken by the City Attorney.
6. Executive Session in the Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Session Minutes
Chairman Parker asked Tyler Cline and Misty Barnes to remain for the executive session.
| Trustee Jones moved to go into executive session for the reasons stated in the agenda with the people
| listed above. Trustee Barnes made the second. The Trust was polled with the following results:
| Jones, Aye Barnes, Aye Estep, Aye , Parker, Aye Dunkel, Absent
| Chairman Parker declared the Trust in executive session at 5:53PM.
| Chairman Parker declared the Trust out of executive session at 6:23PM.
7. Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 0.S. §307(B)(4) for Purposes of Confidential
Communications Between the Trust and its Attorney Concerning a Pending Investigation, Claim, or
Action, to wit: City of Miami, et al., v. GRDA CJ-08-619 and F.E.R.C. Project No. 1494
Agenda Items 6 and 7 were discussed in the executive session.
8. The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session
MSUA - Spec Page 2 of 3 March 31, 2026

The meeting reconvened in the staff room after the executive session at 6:24PM.
9. Possible Action on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 7
No action taken.
10. Adjournment
Trustee Barnes made a motion to adjourn. Trustee Estep made the second. The Trust was polled with the
following results:
Barnes, Aye Estep, Aye Jones, Aye Parker, Aye Dunkel, Absent
Chairman Parker declared the meeting adjourned at 6:25PM.
_Tfustee Baynes Trustee ole LL Trustee Dunkel
(sey ZX. Attest: (Veline /Hoone
Tr Seckst Ep Chairman Bless Parker Melissa Moore, City Clerk
AL UT My,
PAO 7S,
‘sf Ba
3! PEE:
\ SEAL 3:
.
‘ ‘fF
4 earns we
“HH

MISUA - Spec Page 3 of 3 March 31, 2026