NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, March 19, 2019
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                 Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Father of Sacred Heart Catholic Church                                                                   Carl Kerkemeyer
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                             Trustee Weston
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                  Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $1,421,133.36                                                  Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
Credit Cards 3
Credit Cards 4
7.
Approve Minutes:  March 05, 2019 (Regular)                                             Trustees
Minutes: March 05, 2019 (Regular)
8.
Budget Amendment:
#19-56 MSUA - Wastewater Collection (Receipting and Expending Afton Sewer Cleanout Revenue)
#19-62 Utility Improvement - Electric (Receipting and Expending $8 million Electric Improvement Bonds)
#19-64 MSUA - Admin Svcs (Receipting and Expending Unbudgeted Insurance Funds to MSUA for GRDA Relicensing Expenditures)
9.
Accept or Reject Utility Easement Offer to Jay and Sheree Calan for SH 125 Utility Relocation Project, and Approve Subsequent Payment Upon Acceptance of Offer by Owner        Tyler Cline/ S. McConnaughey
BA
Easement Offer
10.
Accept or Reject Utility Easement Offer to Jean Ann Lambert (Ernest A. Peterson as Trustee of the Jean Ann Blue Trust) for SH 125 Utility Relocation Project, and Approve Subsequent Payment Upon Acceptance of Offer by Owner                                Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
Easement Offer
11.
Accept or Reject Utility Easement Offer to Gerald M. Lewis and Gwendolyn S Lewis for SH 125 Utility Relocation Project, and Approve Subsequent Payment Upon Acceptance of Offer by Owner          Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
Easement Offer
12.
Accept or Reject Utility Easement Offer to Jacqueline Dawn Lipps and Jeromy John Lipps for SH 125 Utility Relocation Project, and Approve Subsequent Payment Upon Acceptance of Offer by Owner       Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
Easement Offer
13.
Accept or Reject Utility Easement Offer to Lance Mauer for SH 125 Utility Relocation Project, and Approve Subsequent Payment Upon Acceptance of Offer by Owner                Tyler Cline/ S. McConnaughey
Easement Offer
14.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                               Trustees
15.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                Trustees
Human Resources 1
Human Resources 2
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
16.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                        Trustees
17.
Adjournment                                                      Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.