NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, May 3, 2021
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                 Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First Baptist Church                                                                  Rick Longcrier
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                   Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                                         Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 11 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                                                         Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:  April 19, 2021 (Regular)                                                                            Trustees
Minutes: April 19, 2021
8.
Approve Crawford & Associates Engagement Letter for Accounting Services in FY 2021 - 2022                                                        Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Engagement Letter
9.
Approve Annual First National Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                          Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Agreement
10.
Approve Annual Welch State Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                     Jill Fitzgibbon
Agreement
11.
Approve Annual City National Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                                  Jill Fitzgibbon
Agreement
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                       Trustees
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                              Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                                                       Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.