NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, April 2, 2019
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                         Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First Baptist Church                                                                             Rick Longcrier
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                               Trustee Orcutt
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                           Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 11 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $345,855.65                                                                    Trustees
Claims List: April 02, 2019
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:  March 19, 2019 (Regular)                                                           Trustees
Minutes: March 19, 2019 (Regular)
8.
Budget Amendment:
#19-66 MSUA - Wastewater (Receipting and Expending Refund From Aquionics Due To Incorrect Part)
9.
Approve Fourth Annual First National Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                                                             Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Contract
10.
Approve Fourth Annual Security Bank & Trust Co. Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                                           Jill Fitzgibbon
Contract
11.
Approve Fourth Annual Welch State Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                                       Jill Fitzgibbon
Contract
12.
Accept or Reject bid #C19-06 in the Amount of $526,400.00 to Harold K Scholz Company for the Purchase of Two (2) Substation Control Buildings; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents, and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed     Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Harold K Scholz Company Bid Reponse
Birmingham Control Systems Bid Response
VFP Inc Bid Response
Contract
Bid Packet
Supporting Documentation
13.
Amend Section 24-60 (Purchase Power Adjustment Schedule PPA) Allowing Staff to Adjust the Purchase Power Adjustment to Reflect GRDA’s Rate Changes				Tyler Cline/D. Rountree
BA
Ordinance
Redlined Ordinance
PPT
14.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                        Trustees
15.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                          Trustees
16.
Adjournment                                                              Trustees
16.
Adjournment                                                              Trustees
16.
Adjournment                                                              Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.