NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, December 4, 2023
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                               Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First Christian Church                                                         Brandon Fletcher
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                  Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                           Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
6.
*Action Item* Minutes:  November 20, 2023 (Regular)                                        Trustees
7.
*Action Item* Award 2023 Annual Sewage Line Repair Evaluation and Rehabilitation Toolbox for Wastewater Collection System (MSUA 23-49) to Mayer Specialty Services LLC. as Recommended by Staff; Bid Based On "Conceptual Work Order;" Approve Contract Contingent Upon Submission of all Required Contract Documents, and Authorize the City Manager or His Designee to Sign the Notice to Proceed                                             Brian Brassfield
BA
Conceptual Work Order Explanation
Recommendation
Ace Pipe Cleaning Inc. Response
Humbard Contracting Inc. Response
Hydro-Klean LLC Response
Mayer Specialty Services LLC Response
Bidders Price Lists
Notice of Award
Contract
Invitation to Bid
Solicitation Packet
8.
*Action Item* Award Annual On-Call Concrete Repair (C23-58) to Collins Construction Company, Hassco Fabrication and Construction, Torres Concrete Construction, Scott Construction, and Neece Concrete Construction for Fiscal Year 2023-2024 as Recommended by Staff; Approve Contracts Contingent Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents, and Authorize the City Manager or His Designee to Sign the Notice to Proceed                   Brian Brassfield
BA
Collins Construction Response
Hassco Response
Neece Concrete Construction Response
Scott Construction Response
Torres Response
Contract
Price Listing
Notice to Bidders
Solicitation Packet
9.
*Action Item* Award Annual (6-Month) "As Needed" Aggregate (C23-59) to Kemp Stone for Fiscal Year 2023-2024 as Recommended by Staff; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents, and Authorize the City Manager or His Designee to Sign the Notice to Proceed                                    Brian Brassfield
BA
Kemp Stone Response
Contract
Notice to Bidders
Solicitation Packet
10.
*Action Item* Award Annual "As Needed" Concrete Sand Supply (C23-60) to Muskogee Sand for Fiscal Year 2023-2024 as Recommended by Staff; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents, and Authorize the City Manager or His Designee to Sign the Notice to Proceed                                 Brian Brassfield
BA
Muskogee Sand Response
Contract
Notice to Bidders
Solicitation Packet
11.
*Action Item* Award Annual (6-Month) "As Needed" Concrete Material (C23-61) to NEO Concrete and Materials for Fiscal Year 2023-2024 as Recommended by Staff; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents, and Authorize the City Manager or His Designee to Sign the Notice to Proceed                              Brian Brassfield
BA
NEO Concrete & Material Response
Contract
Notice to Bidders
Solicitation Packet
12.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Bo Reese
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                               Trustees
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                        Trustees
15.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                                 Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.