NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, February 2, 2016
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                                                                        Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by the Pastor of the Miami First Assembly of God Church                                                     Raymond Frizzelle
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                                                                           Trustee Johnson
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                                                                            Trustees  By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve.  Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 10 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims:  $935,142.02 as Described on the Attached Claims List                                                                    Trustees
MSUA Claims List
MSUA Credit Card List
7.
Minutes:   January 19, 2016	                                                                                                                                   Trustees
01192016 MSUA Minutes
8.
Approve all Small Claims Court Pleadings and Processes at the Discretion of the City Attorney for the Following Delinquent Accounts: Corey Ray Rogers and Deborah Jo Dees             David Anderson
Small Claims - BA
9.
Approve Itron Indirect Sales Agreement Regarding Meter Reading Handheld Hardware and Software                     Kevin Browning
Itron Indirect Sales Agreement 2016 - BA
Itron Indirect Sales Agreement 2016 - Contract
10.
Approve Itron Maintenance Agreement Contingent on Approval of Itron Indirect Sales Agreement Regarding Meter Reading Handheld Hardware and Software                                                 Kevin Browning
Itron Maintenance Agreement 2016 - BA
Itron Maintenance Agreement 2016 - Contract
11.
Agreement with Tri-State Engineering for Professional Design Services to Relocate the State Highway 125 Bridge Water Main Under the Neosho River not to Exceed $35,900                                                 Chuck Childs
Tri-State Engineering - BA
Tri-State Engineering - Contract
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could Not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)               Trustees
Staff Report - Water Waste Water January 2016
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                                                   Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                                                                                                                                         Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.