NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, March 7, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                      Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Chaplin of Miami Fire Department                                                                                                  Brandon Fletcher
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                                 Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                                 Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                                        Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  February 22, 2022 (Regular)                                                                             Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:                                                                                          Mike Addington
#22-19 MSUA - Metering (Receipt & Expend Unbudgeted Revenue to Purchase Vehicle)
9.
*Action Item* Goodell Stratton Claim and Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for GRDA Relicensing                                                                    Trustees
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Resolution CC2022-04/MSUA2022-01 A Joint Resolution Delegating Settlement Claims Payment Authority to the City Manager/Trust Manager                                 Ben Loring
BA
Resolution
11.
*Action Item* One (1) Utility Easement From Pentavision Property LLC, (Grantor), as Presented; Approve Claim of $22.00 to Record Easement at the Ottawa County Clerk’s Office                          Ben Loring/Tyler Cline/Bo Reese
BA
Easement and Exhibit A
12.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                     Trustees
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                                   Trustees
Pollution Control
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                   Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                                                                 Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.