NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, January 4, 2021
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                           Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Chief of Miami Fire Department                                                    Robert Wright
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                                         Chairman Parker
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                                                                Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                                 Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
7.
Approve Minutes:  December 15, 2020 (Regular)                                                               Trustees
Minutes
8.
Approve Authorizing the Removal of Brooke Testerman From the Signature Card at Welch State Bank                                                                    Mike Addington/Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
9.
Resolution CC2021-01 Approving Community Financial Support, and Fee Waivers to Pete’s of Erie, Inc. Related to the Development of 1003 N. Main							Kristi McClain/Ben Loring
BA
Resolution
Pictures
10.
Accept or Reject Contract With Paymentus for Website and Over the Phone (Interactive Voice Response)  Collection of Utility Payments                  Mike Addington/Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Contract
11.
Accept or Reject Change Order No. 3 for C19-17 With Branco Enterprises for Installation of a French Drain in the Amount of $23,800.00.               S.  McConnaughey/Tyler Cline
BA
Change Order
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                    Trustees
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                   Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                                  Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.