NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, January 7, 2020
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                               Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First Assembly of God                                                                 Raymond Frizzelle
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                           Trustee Forrester
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                 Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                  Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:	December 03, 2019 (Regular), and December 19, 2019 (Special)                                        Trustees
Minutes: December 03, 2019
Minutes: December 19, 2019
8.
Budget Amendments:
#20-15 MSUA - Electric, Water Production (Receipting and Expending Francis Solar Reimbursement and Geico Insurance Check)
#20-19 MSUA - ROW, Water Distribution (Receipting and Expending Tree Refund and Travelers Insurance for Water Truck Damage)
9.
Approve all Small Claims Court Pleadings and Processes at the Discretion of the City Attorney for the Following Delinquent Accounts: Martin Refilong and Amos Noblitt               Krista Duhon
BA
10.
Utility Easement With First Assembly of God                                                        Tyler Cline
BA
Easement
11.
Update on Central Avenue and Main Street Improvements                                                                  Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
12.
Olsson & Associates Work Order 19/20-4 for Sanitary Sewer Utility Improvements in Progress Industrial Park not to Exceed $307,070.00 Subject to Olsson Engineering Being Recognized as a Construction Manager Under the Public Construction Management Act for Political Subdivisions                              Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Work Order
13.
Olsson & Associates Work Order 19/20-5 for Well #7 Improvements on 69A not to Exceed $156,650.00 Subject to Olsson Engineering Being Recognized as a Construction Manager Under the Public Construction Management Act for Political Subdivisions                        Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Work Order
14.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                Trustees
15.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                             Trustees
Human Resources 1
Human Resources 2
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
16.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                               Trustees
17.
Adjournment                                                 Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.