NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, June 4, 2019
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                                                                      Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of Southern Hills Baptist Church                                          Herb Young
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                          Trustee Weston
4.
Presentation of Municipal Electric Systems of Oklahoma Drake Rice Customer Service Award to Customer Service Supervisor Heather Bailey                         Tom Rider
Drake Rice Nomination Form
Information
5.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
6.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                                                  Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 7 through Item 10 be placed on the consent agenda.
7.
Approve Claims:                  $268,259.58                                                                                Trustees
Claims
Tornado Claims
8.
Approve Minutes: May 21, 2019 (Regular)                                                                                     Trustees
Minutes May 21, 2019
9.
Budget Amendment:                                                                                                     Mike Addington
#19-86B MSUA - Solid Waste (Moving Funds from Solid Waste to Capitol Improvement for Loader Bucket)
10.
Approve Fiscal Year 2019-2020 Budget in Accordance With State Statute Title 60 O.S. Sec 176G                                                     Trustees
MSUA Budget Summary 19-20
11.
Consider and Take Action With Respect to a Resolution Agreeing to File Applications With the Oklahoma Water Resources Board (the "OWRB") for Financing Through (i) the Financial Assistance Loan Program, With the Loan Proceeds Being for the Purpose of Refinancing Certain Outstanding Indebtedness With the OWRB and Financing Certain Water and Wastewater System Improvements, (ii) the Clean Water State Revolving Fund Loan Program, With Loan Proceeds Being for the Purpose of Financing Certain Wastewater System Improvements, and (iii) the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund Loan Program, With Loan Proceeds Being for the Purpose of Financing Certain Water System Improvements; Approving Professional Services Agreements; and Containing Other Provisions Related Thereto (Oklahoma Water Resources Board Loan Application and Professional Services Engagement)              Tyler Cline
BA
Debt Schedule
Loan Application
Engagement Letter
Litigation Letter
Resolution
12.
Consider and Take Action With Respect to a Resolution of The Miami Special Utility Authority (the "Borrower") Approving and Authorizing a Clean Water SRF Loan From the Oklahoma Water Resources Board in the Total Aggregate Principal Amount of Not to exceed $4,450,000; Approving the Issuance of a Promissory Note in the Total Aggregate Principal Amount of Not to Exceed $4,450,000, Secured by a Pledge of Revenues and Authorizing its Execution; Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Loan Agreement For Clean Water SRF Loan; Designating a Local Trustee and Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Trust Agreement; Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Security Agreement; Ratifying and Confirming a Lease Agreement; Approving Various Covenants; Approving and Authorizing Payment of Fees and Expenses; and Containing Other Provisions Relating Thereto (Clean Water State Revolving Fund Loan for Sanitary Sewer and Storm Sewer Projects)                             Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
13.
Consider and Take Action With Respect to a Resolution of The Miami Special Utility Authority (the "Borrower") Authorizing a Loan From the Oklahoma Water Resources Board in the Total Aggregate Principal Amount of Not to Exceed $2,050,000; Approving the Issuance of a Series 2019B Promissory Note to Oklahoma Water Resources Board in the Total Aggregate Principal Amount of Not to Exceed $2,050,000, Secured by a Pledge of Revenues and Authorizing its Execution; Designating a Local Trustee; Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Trust Agreement; Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Loan Agreement; Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Security Agreement; Ratifying and Confirming a Lease Agreement; Approving and Authorizing a Note Purchase Agreement; Approving Various Covenants; Approving and Authorizing Payment of Fees and Expenses; and Containing Other Provisions Relating Thereto (Financial Assistance Loan Program for Central Avenue Project)                      Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
14.
Consider and Take Action With Respect to a Resolution of The Miami Special Utility Authority (the "Borrower") Approving and Authorizing a Drinking Water SRF Loan From the Oklahoma Water Resources Board in the Total Aggregate Principal Amount of Not to Exceed $2,785,000; Approving the Issuance of a Promissory Note in the Total Aggregate Principal Amount of Not to Exceed $2,785,000, Secured by a Pledge of Revenues and Authorizing Its Execution; Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Loan Agreement For Drinking Water SRF Loan; Designating a Local Trustee and Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Trust Agreement; Approving and Authorizing the Execution of a Security Agreement; Ratifying and Confirming a Lease Agreement; Approving Various Covenants; Approving and Authorizing Payment of Fees and Expenses; and Containing Other Provisions Relating Thereto (Drinking Water State Revolving Fund Loan for Drinking Water Projects)                    Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
15.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                  Trustees
16.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                              Trustees
17.
Adjournment                                                                Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.