NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, April 3, 2018
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                           Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of the New Life Nazarene Church                                                                              C. Hollingsworth
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                   Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                           Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $361,835.60                                                          Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:  March 20, 2018 (Regular)                                                     Trustees
Minutes March 20, 2018 (Regular)
8.
Consider and Adopt a Resolution Authorizing the Sale, Issuance and Delivery of Certificates of Indebtedness of the Authority to Provide Funds for Capital Improvements of the Authority; Authorizing Sale Thereof at a Discount; and Waiving Competitive Bidding Thereon                               Greg Nieto
Bond Resolution
9.
Olsson and Associates Master Agreement Work Order 17/18-9 Design of Substation #1 or Operations Center Substation                                                   Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order
Design
PPT
10.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))                                Trustees
11.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                        Trustees
12.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                         Trustees
13.
Adjournment                                                        Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.