NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, February 26, 2019
4:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                                                                                           Chairman Schultz
3.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                                                                                           Chairman Schultz
2.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                                                                          Trustee Forrester
3.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
4.
CONSENT AGENDA
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 5 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
5.
Approve Claims: $308,431.56                                                                                                                         Trustees
Claims: February 19, 2019
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
6.
Approve Minutes: February 05, 2019 (Regular)                                                                                                                        Trustees
Minutes: February 5, 2019
7.
Budget Amendment:
#19-52 MSUA - Electric (Receipting and Expending Insurance Damage Check)
8.
Approve Hold Harmless Agreement With Arvest Bank for use of the lot for Trash Truck Turnaround       Tyler Cline/Kevin Horn
BA
Agreement
PPT
9.
Acknowledge Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) Permit #WL000058180616 for Replacement of Waterlines on Central Avenue                       Tyler Cline
BA
Permit
10.
Accept or Reject Change Order No. One (1) on Contract C18-110 With Neece Concrete Construction for Material Substitution and Additional Unclassified Excavation in the Amount of $11,767.50 on Central Avenue Project   Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Change Order
11.
Accept or Reject Olsson and Associates Work Order 18/19-8 for Street Improvement of West Central Avenue, and Mill and Overlay of City Streets not to Exceed $125,000.00    Robert Barger/S. McConnaughey
BA
Work Order
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)               Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                                                                       Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                                                                                                              Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.