NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, December 6, 2016
5:45
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                               Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by the Pastor of Cardin Baptist Church Geoff Buffalo
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                   Chairman Schultz
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims:	$957,916.09as Described on the Attached Claims List                              Trustees
Claims
Credit Cards (Included in claims list)
7.
Minutes:	November 01, 2016                    Trustees
Minutes
8.
Approve 2017 Meeting Schedule                                  Trustees
Proposed Schedule
9.
Approve Work Order #6 with Olsson Engineering for Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality permit for new waterline for C street S.W. from 2nd Ave S.W. to West Central Avenue     Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order #6
PowerPoint
10.
Approve Work Order #7 with Olsson Engineering for design of new Traffic Signal on Main and Steve Owens. Oklahoma Department of Transportation Job Piece number 33078 (04).   Tyler Cline
BA
Work Order
PowerPoint
11.
Acknowledge Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) Permit No. WL000058160865 for the Construction of 3,655 Linear Feet of Six (6) inch HDPE Potable Water Line to Serve
the City of Miami          Tyler Cline
BA
Letter
Permit
Drawings
PowerPoint
12.
Presentation of Utility Infrastructure Study and Plan Recommendation                       Shaun McConnaughey
Utility Presentation
13.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))
14.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                Trustees
Water/WasteWater
15.
Trustee Community Announcements                                    Trustees
16.
Adjournment                                       Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.