THE MIAMI] DOWNTOWN REDEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY (MDRA) MET IN REGULAR MEETING MONDAY,
JANUARY 20, 2026, IN THE MIAMI CIVIC CENTER COUNCIL CHAMBERS AT 4:00 PM WITH THE FOLLOWING
MEMBERS PRESENT:
Lynn Forkum, Chairman
Kyla Jones, Trustee
Brian Estep, Trustee
Cori Stotts, Trustee
. Joe Morgan, Trustee
Bo Reese, Trustee (Absent)
Jordan Boyd, Trustee (Absent)
The agenda was filed in the office of the City Clerk and posted in the main hallway and the north outside
entryway of the Civic Center at 9:30 AM on November 14, 2025
THE TRUST MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
Call to Order
Chairman Forkum called the meeting to order at 4:00 PM
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
None
CONSENT AGENDA
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one
motion and one vote. The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted
agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order. Staff
recommends that Items 4 and 5 be placed on the consent agenda.
Trustee Estep moved to approve Item #4 (Special meeting minutes for Dec 19, 2025), and item #5 (Claims
January 2026). Trustee Stotts the second. The trust was polled with the following results:
Estep: Aye, Stotts: Aye, Morgan: Aye, Jones: Abstain, Chairman Forkum: Aye, Boyd: Absent, Reese: Absent
Chairman Forkum declared the motion carried.
Approve Minutes: Dec 19, 2025
Moved to the consent agenda.
Approve Claims: Jan 2026
Moved to the consent agenda.
Financials:
There was no representative from Finance. The Board moved on to the next topic.
None

Coleman Storefront Windows

Gretchen Frazier, Owner of Flint Creek Bath made an appeal to the board concerning the front windows
of the Coleman Shops. She understands that repairs are needing to happen. She requests the tile
underneath be repaired and every step taken to keep the aluminum trim of the windows to keep the
stores matching the look of the Coleman Theatre.

none

Building Repair Project:

The Chairman immediately gave the floor to Kevin Browning to speak on the Coleman Building repair. He
doesn’t disagree with keeping the look. The tile is breaking due to weathering and rot and definitely needs
to be replaced. There is a bid to repiace the windows and go with a thicker pane that would not be as
easy to break. He wants to be sure the board is thinking what will happen if there is damage. For many
years there were many band aics put on issues at the Coleman and there are many projects that will need
to be updated, such as the fire escape, the boilers, heat and Air.. Some current cost estimates would be
$34,000 to rebuild the bottom with the tile. Another $34,000 for the doors and windows, and finally $9000
for the upper windows. Some other projects that need to be done are the boilers, Central Heat and Air
being replaced next week. The city has a major problem with the fire escape in its current state.
Gretchen had a contact that could do the windows and keep the trim. The new goals are to get a quote
on the fire escape. Get numbers to bring next month. The concerns are the liability from fragile windows,
and the money from MDRA being used effectively for the city building. There are currently three bids for
the windows from Oklahoma Glass, Joplin Glass, and Draft Brothers. Other Coleman Shop owners were
asked their opinion. Carole from the Friends of the Coleman hopes the copper can be kept. Jason
remembered a cap made to help with missing copper. Suggests that chatgpt could help with finding tile
businesses. Wants the new windows to last, but anything that can be saved would be preferred.

None

Coleman Theatre Managing Director Report

Danny Dillon gave the Coleman Director’s report. The winter is the slower season, but the Coleman has
lots of tours upcoming. There are shows upcoming including a comedy show January 22, The Whitney
Houston Experience January 31, and an illusionist wanting to do 50 states in 50 days wants to come to the
Coleman. A Selena tribute on February 20". Lots of shows upcoming.

None

Main Street Update:

Jesse Black gave an update on Main Street. The New Years Eve Ball Drop was held for the first time and
was a huge success. PlacerAi registered 848 people and that only counts cell phones, so the numbers are
estimated closer to 1000. Main Street held two workshops January 5 and 6. Marketing and Window
Display. Those were requested by the Main Street Committees. There is a Sip and Shop coming up on
February 10, and a new shopping event, Where’s Bless O’Parker the week of St. Patrick’s Day.

None

Other New Business, if any, which has Arisen since the Posting of the Agenda and Could

Not Have been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. §311 (9))

none.

Trustee Community Announcements:

none

Adjournment
Trustee Stotts made a motion to adjourn. Trustee Jones the second. The trust was polled with the
following results:
Stotts: Aye, Jones: Aye, Estep: Aye, Morgan: Aye, Chairman Forkum: Aye, Boyd: Absent, Reese: Absent
Chairman Forkum declared the motion carried. Adjourned at 4:41 P.M.
Zip - Pa ra
Wristee£step Truste@ Morgan Trustee Jones
ZL) s { - fo -
J\\U "aR AWS / Af iby
rustee Stotts Trustee Reese \ Ch an Forkum
: | / j

Trustee Boyd Attest: yOu 1 aed é