NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, May 5, 2020
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                        Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of Miami Friends Church                                                                               David Frazier
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                          Trustee Davis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                         Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 11 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                            Trustees
Claims List
7.
Approve Minutes:	April 21, 2020 (Regular)                                                     Trustees
Minutes: April 21, 2020
8.
Budget Amendments:
#20-30 MSUA - Stormwater (Transfer for Merit Increases and Salary Study)
9.
Approve Annual First National Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                    Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Contract
10.
Approve Annual Security Bank & Trust Co. Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                         Jill Fitzgibbon
Contract
11.
Approve Annual Welch State Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                           Jill Fitzgibbon
Contract
12.
Accept or Reject Resolution and Agreements With Oklahoma Municipal Alliance (Formerly MESO) for Mutual Aid Agreements for Public Works (Water, Sewer, Streets) and Electric                  Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
Public Works Agreement
Electric Agreement
13.
Accept or Reject Memorandum of Understanding With GRDA for Mutual Aid                                         Tyler Cline
BA
Memorandum of Understanding
14.
Accept or Reject Oklahoma Department of Transportation Utility Relocation Agreements for 69A Water and Electric Relocation Project         Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Water Agreement
Electric Agreement
15.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                 Trustees
16.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                            Trustees
17.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                              Trustees
18.
Adjournment                                                                          Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.