NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, August 1, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                              Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation Director of Norse Campus Ministries                                                                              Steve Whitesell
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                        Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                        Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                         Trustees
Claims List June 30
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  July 18, 2022 (Regular)                                                                   Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:                                                                                                       Mike Addington
#22-34 MSUA - Administrative Services (Receipt and Expend Unbudgeted PCA Revenue to Purchase GRDA Power)
9.
*Action Item* Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $26,890.73 for Fiscal Year 2021-2022                             Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Award Bid C22-33 for Concrete Labor to Hugo Torres, Scott Construction, Collins Construction and Neece Concrete Construction; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents, and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                         Tyler Cline/Robert Barger
BA
Bid Tally
Contract
Collins Construction Response
Hugo Torres Response
Neece Concrete Construction Response
Scott Construction Response
Solicitation Packet
11.
*Action Item* Award of Six (6) Month Contracts After Review of all bid Submissions and Recommendations for Concrete Material C22-39, Concrete Sand C22-40, and Aggregate Rock C22-38; Authorize City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed as Recommended by Staff and Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                                  Krista Duhon
BA
Bid Tally
Concrete Material Responses
Concrete Material Contract
Concrete Material Solicitation Packet
Concrete Sand Responses
Concrete Sand Contract
Concrete Sand Solicitation Packet
Aggregate Rock Responses
Aggregate Rock Contract
Aggregate Rock Solicitation Packet
12.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/ Bo Reese
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                             Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                           Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.