NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, June 6, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                             Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of New Beginning Life Church                                       Jonathan Jennings
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                              Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA                                                                 Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                               Trustees
Claims List
Credit Card
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:	May 16, 2022 (Regular), and May 23, 2022 (Special)                                      Trustees
May 16, 2022 Minutes
May 23, 2022 Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claims for GRDA Relicensing                                   Trustees
GRDA Relicensing Claims
9.
*Action Item* Fiscal Year 2022-2023 Budget                                       Trustees
Fiscal Year 2022-2023 MSUA Budget Summary
10.
*Action Item* Contract With TSPI for Utility Bill Printing and Mailing                                   Jill Fitzgibbon/Callie Hilburn
BA
Contract
Supplemental Documents
11.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                     Trustees
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                       Trustees
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                         Trustees
14.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 17 of the Regular Meeting of the City Council                                 Chairman Parker
15.
Executive Session Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) for Purposes of Discussing the Purchase or Appraisal of Buildings on the East Side of the 100 Block of North Main Street                    Trustees
16.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Council Chambers After the Executive Session of Both the City Council and MSUA                   Trustees
17.
Possible Action on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 15              Trustees
18.
Adjournment                                                          Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.