NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, September 19, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                      Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Discipleship Minister of First Christian Church                                                     Brandon Fletcher
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                           Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                             Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                               Trustees
Claims List
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  September 06, 2022 (Regular)                                                           Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Goodell Stratton Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $645.00                                       Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
9.
*Action Item* Service Agreement With Tyler Technologies, Inc. to Migrate the City’s Financial Software Incode to the Tyler Technology Cloud Environment in the Amount of $106,428.00                                          Keith Osborn
BA
Service Agreement
Quote
10.
Action Item* Award Bid C22-45 for Construction of a Sludge Storage Building to Neece Concrete Construction, Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents, and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                             Todd Murphee
BA
Picture 1
Picture 2
Neece Concrete Construction Response
Contract
Solicitation Packet
11.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Bo Reese
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                              Trustees
Pollution Control
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                 Trustees
14.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 17 of the Regular Meeting of the City Council                                Chairman Parker
15.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                         Trustees
16.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 15
Trustees
17.
Adjournment                                                                                             Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.