NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, February 4, 2025
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                           Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of New Beginnings Life Church                                           Jonathan Jennings
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                         Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
6.
*Action Item* Claims for Vance Ford                                                             Trustees
Claims List
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  January 21, 2025 (Regular)                                                       Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Tyler Cline
9.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                  Trustees
10.
The Meeting Will be Continued From the Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of the Regular Meeting of the Miami Miami Industrial Public Facilities Authority (MIPFA)                                          Chairman Parker
11.
Executive Session in the Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Session Minutes                                 Trustees
12.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                                Trustees
13.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session                                     Trustees
14.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 12                Trustees
15.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                      Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.