NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, February 7, 2023
2:15
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                             Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Retired Pastor of First Christian Church                                                           Leon Weece
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                           Trustee Sundberg
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                             Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                    Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  January 17, 2023 (Regular)                                                           Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item*Tetra Tech Claim for Neosho River 2-D Modeling in the Amount of $12,580.00                                           Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
9.
*Action Item* Tetra Tech Contract C18-47 Extension for Fiscal Year 2022-2023 in the Amount of $39,608.00                          Bo Reese
BA
Contract Extension
10.
*Action Item* Olsson Master Agreement for Professional Services                                                                               Tyler Cline/Jacob Bradley
BA
Agreement
11.
*Action Item* Olsson Work Order for Power Line Relocation - 520th Rd. Near Miami, Oklahoma                                                    Jacob Bradley/Wade Neely
BA
Work Order
Pictures
Supporting Documents
12.
*Action Item* Change in Plan for C22-15A With Circle B Underground for the SH69A/Hwy 10 Waterline Relocation in the Amount of $2,566.62        S. McConnaughey
BA
Change in Plan
Sewer Pay
Water Pay
13.
*Action Item* Resolution MSUA 2023-04 for Community Financial Support and Fee Waiver(s) to Miami Towers Housing Authority and Nine Tribes Housing Authority for the Remodel and Rehabilitation of Miami Towers, 41 N Main, and Nine Tribes, 205 B St NE                    Travis Jones
BA
Resolution
14.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Bo Reese
15.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                    Trustees
Pollution Control
Pollution Control - Annual Sludge Report
16.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                             Trustees
17.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 4 of the Regular Meeting of the Miami Industrial and Public Facilities Authority (MIPFA)                                    Chairman Parker
18.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                               Trustees
19.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 18                                          Trustees
20.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                                             Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.