NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, June 28, 2021
5:45
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                            Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of Immanuel Baptist Church                                                                                  Mark Nichols
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                 Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                                 Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 13 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                                           Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:	June 07, 2021 (Regular)                                                                                          Trustees
Minutes
8.
Budget Amendment:
#21-30 MSUA - IT (Receipting & Expending District Attorney Council Grant)
9.
Approve Award of Annual Contract After Review of all bid Submissions and Staff Recommendations for C21-30 (Bulk Oil) for Fiscal Year 2021-2022; Authorize City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed as Recommended by Staff and Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                    Krista Duhon
BA
Timmons Oil Response
Wallis Lubricant Response
Contract
Solicitation Packet
10.
Approve Award of Annual Contract After Review of all bid Submissions and Staff Recommendations for C21-31 (Concrete Sand) for Fiscal Year 2021-2022; Authorize City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed as Recommended by Staff and Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                    Krista Duhon
BA
Muskogee Sand Response
Contract
Solicitation Packet
11.
Approve Award of Annual Contract After Review of all bid Submissions and Staff Recommendations for C21-32 (Aggregate Rock) for Fiscal Year 2021-2022; Authorize City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed as Recommended by Staff and Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                       Krista Duhon
BA
Kemp Stone Response
Midwest Minerals Response
Contract
Solicitation Packet
12.
Approve Award of Annual Contract After Review of all bid Submissions and Staff Recommendations for C21-33 (Concrete Material) for Fiscal Year 2021-2022; Authorize City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed as Recommended by Staff and Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                                                   Krista Duhon
BA
NEO Concrete Response
Contract
Solicitation Packet
13.
Approval of Annual Contract Renewals for Fiscal Year 2021-22 as follows:                                                         Krista Duhon
a)	C20-27B - On-Call Electrician -- Booth & Booth
b)	C19-30 --  Tree Trimming - BACCO
BA
Booth & Booth Amendment
Bacco Amendment
14.
Olsson Associates Master Service Agreement Work Order #20/21 - 5 Engineering and Support Services for Utility Relocation on Industrial Parkway (SH 69A) and Steve Owens Blvd (SH 10) not to Exceed $90,230.34                             S. McConnaughey
BA
Work Order
15.
Presentation of City of Miami Fiber Study                                                                         Tyler Cline/James Lightfoot
16.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                        Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
17.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                       Trustees
18.
Adjournment                                                                         Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.