NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, September 15, 2020
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Deacon of All Saints Episcopal Church                                                                               Kay Boman Harvey
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                           Trustee Davis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                       Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 10 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                     Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:  September 01, 2020 (Regular)                                                                                       Trustees
Minutes
8.
Budget Amendment:
#21-03 MSUA - (Amending Capital Outlay Budget)
9.
Approve Railroad Crossing Permit Contract With BSNF for 69A Utility Line Crossing                                                  Tyler Cline
BA
Contract
10.
Approve Award of bid for Annual Asphalt Labor; Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents and Approve Interim City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                                             Robert Barger
BA
Contract
Solicitation Packet
11.
Discussion With Josh Fleming Regarding Utility Billing                                 Chairman Parker
12.
Accept or Reject Resolution C2020-17 Project Support and Match Funds Commitment for U.S. Department of Interior - Bureau of Reclamation FY121 WaterSMART:  Water and Energy Efficiency Program BOR-DO-21-F001 for Automated Metering Infrastructure                                       Tyler Cline
BA
Resolution
Budget
13.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                     Trustees
14.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                             Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
15.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                            Trustees
16.
Adjournment                                                                                Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.