NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, October 21, 2024
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                       Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by the Reverend of All Saints Episcopal Church                                                          Mary Susan Whaley
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                          Chairman Parker
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
6.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:                                                    Jennifer Watts
#25-08 Receipting and Expending Overtime Monies for Work Done for the Miami Housing Authority on the 9 Tribes Towers Project; and Receipting and Expending Insurance Funds to Repair a 2023 Chevy Pickup Damaged in a Wreck on the Turnpike
Budget Amendment
7.
*Discussion and Possible Action Item* Creation of a Miami Special Utility Authority (MSUA) Logo	Kaylee Pruitt/Derric Lollar
BA
Logo
8.
*Action Item* Ratify the Solid Waste Charge Agreement Template, Authorize the Trust Manager or his Designee to Sign the Agreements                     Jennifer Watts
BA
Agreement
Application and Supporting Documents
List of Agreements
9.
*Action Item* Work Authorization No. 7 With OWN (Formerly Anderson Engineering) for Design of Water Treatment Plant Piping, Motor, & Pump Rehab not to Exceed $110,000.00		Tyler Cline/Derric Lollar
BA
Work Authorization
10.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                         Trustees/Tyler Cline
11.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                 Trustees
Solid Waste
Storm Water
12.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                Trustees
13.
The Meeting Will be Continued From the Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of the Regular Meeting of the Miami City Council                        Chairman Parker
14.
Executive Session in the Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Session Minutes                                               Trustees
15.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. §307(B)(4) for Purposes of Confidential Communications Between the Trust and its Attorney Concerning a Pending Investigation, Claim, or Action, to wit:  City of Miami, et al., v. GRDA CJ-08-619 and F.E.R.C. Project No. 1494                         Trustees
16.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session                                       Trustees
17.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 15                            Trustees
18.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                    Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.