NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, January 16, 2018
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                  Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Director of Norse Campus Ministries                                                                 Steve Whitesell
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                     Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                   Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 10 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $1,264,848.72                                                        Trustees
Claims List
7.
Approve Minutes:  January 02, 2018 (Regular)                                                               Trustees
January 02, 2018 (Regular)
8.
Budget Amendment:
#18-23 MSUA - Electric (Receipting & Expending Insurance funds from Shelter Insurance for damages to electric pole @ Rotary Park)
9.
Approve Annual Contract C18-36A With Wallis Lubricant for Bulk Oil, Hydraulic Fluid, and Anti-Freeze Contingent Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                    Krista Duhon
BA
Contract and Bid Packet
10.
Approve Annual Contract C18-37A With Green Acre Sod for Bermuda Sod Contingent Upon the Submission of all Required Contract Documents                            Krista Duhon
BA
Contract and Bid Packet
11.
Electric Capital Improvement Budget Amendment to Include Increasing Electric Department by two (2) Full Time Equivalents (FTE’s)                                                         Tyler Cline
BA
Supporting Document
PPT
12.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))                                                  Trustees
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                         Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                 Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                          Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.