NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, November 4, 2024
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                           Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by the Retired Pastor of the First Christian Church                                                                     Leon Weece
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                  Boys & Girls Club
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                           Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
6.
*Action Item* Minutes:  October 07, 2024 (Regular)                                                  Trustees
Minutes
7.
*Action Item* 2025 Meeting Schedule                                                        Trustees
Meeting Schedule
8.
*Action Item* Goodell, Stratton, Edmonds & Palmer Claim for Civil Litigation in the Amount of $4,386.46                                 Tyler Cline/Ben Loring
BA
Claims List
9.
*Action Item* Tetra Tech Claim for Civil Litigation in the Amount of $8,600.00                                             Tyler Cline/Ben Loring
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Contract Amendment #1 for C23-53 With Clean Uniform Company for Uniform Services Contingent Upon Submission of all Required Contract Documents                                     Brian Brassfield
BA
Contract Amendment
11.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Tyler Cline
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                            Trustees
Pollution Control
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                              Trustees
14.
The Meeting Will be Continued From the Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of the Regular Meeting of the Miami Industrial Public Facilities Authority                   Chairman Parker
15.
Executive Session in the Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Session Minutes                 Trustees
16.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. §307(B)(4) for Purposes of Confidential Communications Between the Trust and its Attorney Concerning a Pending Investigation, Claim, or Action, to wit:  City of Miami, et al., v. GRDA CJ-08-619 and F.E.R.C. Project No. 1494                          Trustees
17.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(C)(11) for Purposes of Conferring on Matters Pertaining to Economic Development, Financing, or the Creation of a Proposal to Entice a Business to Locate or Expand Within the City of Miami or the Trust Service Area                                Trustees
18.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                         Trustees
19.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session                                     Trustees
20.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 17                                        Trustees
21.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 18                                                        Trustees
22.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                                   Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.