NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, August 1, 2017
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                          Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church                                                  Ray VandeGiessen
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                  Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                        Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $300,958.56                                    Trustees
Claims List 1
Claims List 2
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes: July 05, 2017 (Regular)                                                     Trustees
Minutes: July 05, 2017 (Regular)
8.
Approve Recommendation and Award Clean Uniform the Contract for Uniform Service for the Miami Special Utility Authority                              Krista Duhon
BA
Clean Uniform Bid Packet
Contract
9.
Approve Agreement With USBank for Five (5) Year Lease-Purchase of 2017 Ram 5500 Crew Chassis Water Truck ($95,996.00) and Authorize Purchasing Agent and City Attorney to Sign all Documents Needed                                       Chris Stephens/Krista Duhon
BA
Lease Purchase Agreement
Form 8038-GC
10.
Proposed MSUA Application and Agreement Template for Residential Service and Authorize Trust Manager or Designee to Execute               Ben Loring/Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Proposed Application and Agreement
Agreement - Redlined
11.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))                    Trustees
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                        Trustees
13.
Executive Session Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(C)(10) for the Purpose of Conferring on Matters Pertaining to Economic Development, Including the Transfer of Property, Financing, or the Creation of a Proposal to Entice a Business to Locate Within the Jurisdiction of Miami Special Utility Authority
14.
Adjournment                                                                Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.