NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, October 3, 2017
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                       Vice Chairman Johnson
2.
Invocation by Pastor of Activate Church                                                       Jonathan Jennings
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                  Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA											Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 10 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $220,223.06                                                                          Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:  September 05, 2017 (Regular)                                            Trustees
Minutes: September 05, 2017
8.
Budget Amendment:
#18-06 MSUA - Admin Svcs (Receipting & Expending refund from AT&T resulting from cancellation of service)
#18-11 MSUA - Electric (Receipting & Expending Insurance funds for damage to traffic signal @ Main & BJ Tunnell)
9.
Approve Renewal of Annual Contract C14-02 With Waste Corporation of Kansas for Tipping Fees                                    Krista Duhon
BA
Amendment
Supporting Documentation
10.
Approval of Annual Contract C18-34 With Brenntag Southwest, Inc. for Annual Liquid Chlorine		Krista Duhon
BA
Contract
Supporting Documentation
11.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))                         Trustees
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                          Trustees
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                               Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                              Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.