NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, July 19, 2021
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Director of Norse Campus Ministries                                                                                                                                                           Steve Whitesell
3.
Pledge of Allegiance										Trustee Davis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.                                                                       Trustees
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Trustees
Claims
7.
Approve Minutes: June 28, 2021 (Special)                                                                                                                                                                               Trustees
Minutes
8.
Approval for BNSF Sewer Railroad Crossing Permit on 69A                                                                                                                                             Tyler Cline
BA
Contract
9.
Approve GRDA Legal Claims                                                                                                                                                                                           Bo Reese
Claims
10.
Approve Olsson Master Agreement Work Order 21/22-1 for General City Engineering Services                                                                      Shaun McConnaughey
BA
Work Order
11.
Approve Work Order Agreement with E Source for Automated Meter Infrastructure Metering Field Survey and Grant Writing Services                        Tyler Cline
BA
Field Survey
12.
Staff Reports                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Trustees
Customer Service Center Staff Report
13.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                      Trustees
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                                                                                                                      Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                                                                                                                                      Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.