NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, October 17, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                 Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Chief of Miami Fire Department                                                                                      Robert Wright
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                             Trustee Estep
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                      Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                                         Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  October 03, 2022 (Regular)                                                           Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:                                                     Jill Fitzgibbon
#23-08B MSUA - Admin (Purchase of Harvey’s Hair Design Property)
9.
*Action Item* Goodell, Stratton, Edmonds & Palmer Claim for GRDA Relicensing in the Amount of $334.00                                                             Bo Reese
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Award Lease-Purchase Agreements to Arvest Bank for Payment of Excavator, Backhoe, Wheel Loader, and two (2) SUV Ford Explorers; and Give Related Signing and Payment Authority to City Manager or his Designee                                 Krista Duhon
BA
Arvest Bank Response
Bank of Grand Lake Response
US Bank Corp Response
Welch State Bank Response
Tally
Solicitation Packet
11.
*Action Item* Award Bid C22-32 for Annual Tree Trimming, Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents, and Approve City Manager or His Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                          Tyler Cline
BA
Ark-O-Mo Response
Asplundh Response
Asplundh Email
Pro Tree Response
Pro Tree Email
Tally
Contract
Solicitation Packet
12.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. ? 311(9))	Trustees/Bo Reese
13.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                     Trustees
Solid Waste
14.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                Trustees
15.
Adjournment                                                                                     Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.