NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, April 5, 2016
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                          Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by the Pastor of New Life Nazarene Church                                     Casey Hollingsworth
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                 Trustee Johnson
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA  By unanimous consent the public body may designateÂ noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims:      $1,015,307.02 as Described on the Attached Claims List                             Trustees
MSUA Claims
Credit Cards 02012016
Credit Cards 02152016
7.
Minutes:     March 01 & 15, 2016                                Trustees
03012016 Minutes
031552016 Minutes
8.
Approve All Small Claims Court Pleadings and Processes at the Discretion of the City Attorney  for the Following Delinquent Accounts: Cassie & Curtis Berryman; Marcus Boyd; Stephanie Cooksey John Kessel III; Danielle Kirtley; Shelanie Mosher; Courtney Redden; Martin Solis
BA
PowerPoint
9.
Approve Oklahoma Department of Transportation (ODOT) Utility Permit Application for Installation of Valve Vault Along SH-125                       Chuck Childs Tyler Cline
BA
Permit
Drawing
Google Earth Picture
PowerPoint
10.
Update from Metering Department Since Meter Reading has been Brought Back in House And Introduction of Meter Reading Staff:   Dakota Schick      Michael Longan    Ryan Staggs             Phil Hildebrand
BA
10.
Update from Metering Department Since Meter Reading has been Brought Back in House And Introduction of Meter Reading Staff:   Dakota Schick      Michael Longan    Ryan Staggs             Phil Hildebrand
11.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could Not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)              Trustees
Staff Report - Water/Waste Water
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                         Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                            Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.