NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, October 2, 2018
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                              Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Father of Sacred Heart Catholic Church                                                                     Carl Kerkemeyer
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                              Trustee Lewis
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                        Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $303,786.23                                                                      Trustees
Claims List: June 30, 2018
Claims List: October 02, 2018
Credit Cards 1
Credit Cards 2
7.
Approve Minutes:  September 25, 2018 (Special)                                                           Trustees
Minutes: September 25, 2018 (Special)
8.
Approve MSUA Resolution 2018-03 Amending MSUA Resolution 2017-01 to Add Designee to Sign Contracts Within Budget Capacity                                                    Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Resolution
Redlined Resolution
9.
Amending Section 24-36 (Water Service Rate) Within Chapter 24 (Utilities), Division 1 (Generally); Establishing Water Service Rate Schedules                                                                Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey/Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Ordinance
PPT
Cost of Service Model
10.
Amending Section 24-37 (Sanitary Sewer Rate) Within Chapter 24 (Utilities), Division 1 (Generally); Establishing Sanitary Sewer Rate Schedules                                                                 Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey/Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Ordinance
PPT
Cost of Service Model
11.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                                 Trustees
12.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                    Trustees
13.
Adjournment                                                                           Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.