NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, February 18, 2020
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                     Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First Presbyterian Church                                                            Ray VandeGiessen
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                 Chairman Schultz
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                        Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims                                                                                               Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
Approve Minutes:	February 04, 2020 (Regular)                                                                                 Trustees
Minutes
8.
Budget Amendments:
#20-21 MSUA - ROW, Solid Waste (Receipting and Expending Christmas Tree Donations and a Warranty Check for a Camera)
9.
Olsson and Associates Work Order No. 19/20-8 for SCADA Design Services for City of Miami Substations not to Exceed $45,000.00                                    Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Work Order
10.
Accept or Reject Change Order No. 6 for C18-110 With Neece Concrete Construction for Central Ave Street Improvements                                                         Tyler Cline/S. McConnaughey
BA
Change Order
11.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                    Trustees
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                                   Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                               Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                                      Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.