NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, December 13, 2021
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                    Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First United Methodist Church                                                                               Susan Rice
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                           Trustee Dunkel
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                                                     Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                                 Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  December 06, 2021 (Regular)                                                                             Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Goodell Stratton Claim and Davis Wright Tremaine for GRDA Relicensing                                                 Trustees
Claims List
9.
*Action Item* Accept and Award Bid for 69A Infrastructure Extension Bid C21-56, Approve Contract Contingent Upon Approval by the Funding Agency and the Submission of Required Contract Documents, and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed as Recommended by Staff                            S. McConnaughey/Tyler Cline
BA
Bid Tally
Recommendation Letter
Circle B Response
Dirks Response
Tri-Star Response
Contract
Plans
Project Manual
10.
Staff Reports                                                                                             Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
11.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                           Trustees
12.
Adjournment                                                                                    Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.