NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, September 6, 2022
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                 Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of New Beginnings Life Church (NBLC)                                                                         Jonathan Jennings
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                     Trustee Sundberg
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA                                                                                         Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                        Trustees
Claims List
Credit Cards
7.
*Action Item* Minutes:  August 15, 2022 (Regular)                                                                            Trustees
Minutes
8.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:
#23-06 MSUA, Stormwater (Re-Encumbering Funds From Fiscal Year 2021/2022)
9.
*Action Item* Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing and Associated Complaint Proceeding in the Amount of $5,032.50                                          Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* Tetra Tech Claim for Neosho River 2-D Modeling in the Amount of $28,117.50                                                   Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
11.
*Action Item* Renewal of the Following Annual Contracts for Fiscal Year 2022-2023:                Krista Duhon
Booth & Booth Electric
HK Electric
Livingston Plumbing
Kone Elevator
Teeter’s Paving
BA
Booth & Booth Electric
HK Electric
Livingston Plumbing
Kone Elevator
Teeter’s Paving
12.
*Action Item* Waive Formal Bid Procedures per the Purchasing Policy for Emergency Replacement of the Pump, Motor and Wiring for Well 8 Which if not Replaced in a Timely Manner Could Jeopardize Public Health and Safety, and Approve Purchase                                               Tyler Cline
BA
Crafton Pump Service Quote
Mr. Pump Quote
13.
*Action Item* Award Bid C22-46 for Annual as Needed On-Call Open Trench and Boring Labor for Waterline Replacement to B-Town Construction, Collins Construction, Goins Enterprises, Cooper Resources, Broadhead Boring, Hassco Fabrication and Construction, Approve Contract Contingent Upon the Submission of Required Contract Documents, and Approve City Manager or his Designee to Sign Notice to Proceed                                 Tyler Cline
BA
B-Town Construction Response
Collins Construction Response
Goins Enterprises Response
Cooper Resources Response
Broadhead Boring Response
Hassco Fabrication and Construction Response
Contract
Solicitation Packet
14.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	         Trustees/ Bo Reese
15.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                   Trustees
16.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 17 of the Regular Meeting of the City Council                     Chairman Parker
17.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(B)(3) for Purposes of Discussing the Purchase or Appraisal of Buildings on the East Side of the 100 Block of North Main Street
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(b)(3) and (4) for Discussing Potential Economic Development Through Purchase of Real Property or Enhancement of Real Property to be Provided by the City and/or one of its Trust Authorities as Part of an Economic Development Project                         Trustees
18.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 17                                                                       Trustees
19.
Adjournment                                                                                                      Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.