NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, January 19, 2016
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order											Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by the Pastor of the First Christian Church						Brian Brubaker
3.
Pledge of Allegiance										Trustee Forrester
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA											Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add
items from the regular agenda and approve.  Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.
Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 7 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims:		967,644.47 as Described on the Attached Claims List				Trustees
Claims List
MSUA Credit Card
MSUA Meeter Fund
7.
Minutes:		January 05, 2016								Trustees
01052016 MSUA Minutes
8.
Authorize Expenditure for Automatic Transfer Switch for Walmart that will Transfer 		Tyler Cline
Power Between Feeders 22 and 29 in the Case of an Outage not to Exceed $65,000
Automatice Feeder Switch - BA
9.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could		Trustees
Not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))
10.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)		Trustees
Pollution Control - December 2015
Solid Waste - December 2015
11.
Trustee Community Announcements								Trustees
12.
Adjournment											Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager’s office.  We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.