OCRing agenda669_page-1.png...
NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
(OF THE MIARAI CITY COUNCIL
TUESDAY, APRIL 21,2026
5:30PM

(OR IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWING THE COMPLETION OF THE MEETING OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY

‘Miami Civic Center
129 5th avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma 74354

Filed in the Office ofthe City Clerk and displayed inthe main lobby ofthe Miami Civic Center and by posting on
woe miamiokla net starting at 4/00 AMMEA on April 20, 2026, pursvant to 25 0S. § 321(9)(a} nc (b)

Melissa Moore, City Clerk

1. Gallto Order

2. Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person wil be limited to three minutes. The purpose ofthis agenda item
'sto provide an opportunity forctizens’ comments and puble announcements
In keeping with the princisles ofthe Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council,
"Members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under
this agenda item, I you sek discussion or further inguiry, please contact your
Council Member, the Mayor or the office ofthe ety manager. Responses to
citizen comment, if any, wil occur under an applicable Agenda tem at this ora
future pubic meeting, or respanse may be ven by 3 phone call peranal
‘meeting ora posting onthe cty website: wi miamioklanet

3. Discussion and Possible Action items
A Gaimetist
8. Minutes: April 07,2026 (Regular Meeting)

Designate Todd Barnes tobe the Authorized Agent forthe ORMRF
Retirement Plan

4. other New Busines, ifany, Which has Arsen Since the Posting ofthe Agenda
and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior tothe Time of Posting (25 0. §
311(9). This Agenda Item Could Include Possible Action Items

5. _ Staff Reports (Written Report Included in Packet, if Available Staff is Present
for Questions)

‘A. Report on city Manager Budget Amendments

‘ity Counet

‘ity Counet

Cindy Vanover

‘ity couneii/
Tyler cline

‘ity Counet
OCRing agenda669_page-2.png...
a.

2.

13

8. elvan Ridership January-March 2026

© Miami Public Library and Seniors’ Center of Mia
Reports

Ox Departmental

‘Mayor and Council Community Announcements
City Manager's Communications

‘The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in
the Staff Room for Purposes ofthe Executive Session

Executive Session inthe Staff Room to Review Previous Executive Sesion
Minutes

Executive Session inthe Staff Room Pursuant to 25 0.5,307(b) 1) for Purposes
of Discussing the Employment, Hiring, Promotion, Demation, Disipinng, or
resignation of any Individual Salaried Publi Officer or Employes, to wit: Ter
ne, Misty Barnes, and Charles Chesnut

Possible Action on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item
Number 10

‘The Meeting Will be Reconvened inthe Staff Room After the Executive
session

Adjournment

ity Councit

calle corner

ty Count
Tyler cline

Mayor Parker

‘ty Counelt

‘ity Council

‘ty Councit

ty councit

ty councit

‘The Mayor and City Council ofthe City af Miami are committed to making tis meeting accessible to al eitiens
and if special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request othe City Manager's

‘offie. We also ask that those in attendance place alleleteonie devices on silent. Thank you.
