NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, May 15, 2018
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                          Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Pastor of Apostolic Assembly Church                                                          Phil Shyers
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                    Trustee Orcutt
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                                                   Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 9 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Approve Claims:  $978,009.70                                                                     Trustees
Claims List
7.
Approve Minutes:  May 01, 2018 (Regular)                                                                                Trustees
Minutes: May 01, 2018 (Regular)
8.
Approve a Resolution Required by Welch State Bank that Establishes who, Within the Organization of the City of Miami, may Conduct Business on the Account at Welch State Bank                    Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Resolution
9.
Approve a Resolution Required by First National Bank that Establishes who, Within the Organization of the City of Miami, may Conduct Business on the Account at First National Bank                  Jill Fitzgibbon
BA
Resolution
10.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))                                                    Trustees
11.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                                          Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
12.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                             Trustees
13.
Adjournment                                                                                              Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.