NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Tuesday, April 18, 2017
5:30
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                           Chairman Schultz
2.
Invocation by Local Clergy/Retired Director of Missions                                                                        Gerald Dyer
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                        Trustee Weston
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
CONSENT AGENDA                                               Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately in their regular order.  Staff recommends that Item 6 through Item 10 be placed on the consent agenda.
6.
Claims:	$1,000,178.14 as Described on the Attached Claims List                                           Trustees
Claims List
7.
Minutes:	March 21, 2017                                               Trustees
Minutes: March 21, 2017
8.
Approve Second Annual Welch State Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                Jill Fitzgibbon/Lindsay Miller
BA
Redlined Contract
Signed Contract
9.
Approve Second Annual Security Bank & Trust Co. Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami	                    Jill Fitzgibbon/Lindsay Miller
BA
Contract
Signed Contract
10.
Approve Second Annual First National Bank Contract to Process Utility Payments for the City of Miami                     Jill Fitzgibbon/Lindsay Miller
BA
Redlined Contract
Signed Contract
11.
Presentation on the ETC Fiber Network Study                                        Michael Ashcraft
BA
Survey Report
GIS Maps
12.
Award bid for Boring a Waterline Under the Neosho River to Mom and Sons Construction, LLC.                                 Tyler Cline
BA
Mom and Sons Bid
BH Construction Bid
Circle B Underground Bid
LF Construction Bid
LoneHickory Bid
Bid Tally Sheet
Soliciation
Waterline Plan
Waterline Plan Revision
Addendum 1
Addendum 2
Drilling Report
Power Point
14.
Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. Â§ 311(9))                Trustees
15.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                   Trustees
Solid Waste Report
Pollution Control Report
Pollution Control Annual Pretreatment Report
13.
Contract With Mom and Sons Construction, LLC for Boring a Waterline Under the Neosho River, Contingent Upon the Contractor’s Provision of all Required Contract Documents                           Tyler Cline
BA
Contract
Power Point
16.
Trustee Community Announcements                                            Trustees
17.
Adjournment											Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.