NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, November 7, 2022
6:00  
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                                              Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Director of Norse Campus Ministries                                                                Steve Whitesell
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                                                              Trustee Sundberg
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:                                                                               Mike Addington
#23-10B MSUA - Admin (Purchase of Harvey’s Hair Design Property)
6.
*Action Item* CONSENT AGENDA	                                                              Trustees
By unanimous consent the public body may designate noncontroversial items to be considered in one motion and one vote.  The public body may add items from the regular agenda and approve. Posted agenda items not added to the consent docket will be considered separately.  Staff recommends that Item 7 through Item 8 be placed on the consent agenda.
7.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                                    Trustees
Claims List
8.
*Action Item* Minutes: October 17, 2022 (Regular)                                                                           Trustees
October 17, 2022
9.
*Action Item* Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing and Associated Complaint Proceeding in the Amount of $2,357.00           Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
10.
*Action Item* 2023 Meeting Schedule                                                                         Trustees
2023 Meeting Schedule
11.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))	Trustees/Bo Reese
12.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                               Trustees
Pollution Control
13.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                         Trustees
14.
Adjournment                                                                        Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.