NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING AND AGENDA
OF THE MIAMI SPECIAL UTILITY AUTHORITY (MSUA)
Monday, May 15, 2023
6:00
				

				p.m.
MIAMI CIVIC CENTER
129 5th Avenue Northwest, Miami, Oklahoma
Filed in the Office of the City Clerk and displayed in the main lobby of the Miami Civic Center and by
posting on www.miamiokla.net.
THE MSUA MAY DISCUSS, CONSIDER, AND VOTE ON ANY ITEM LISTED IN THIS AGENDA:
1.
Call to Order                                                                        Chairman Parker
2.
Invocation by Pastor of First Christian Church                                                                Brandon Fletcher
3.
Pledge of Allegiance                                                                    Trustee Williams
4.
Public Input and Unscheduled Personal Appearances
Each person will be limited to three minutes.  The purpose of this agenda item is to provide an opportunity for citizens’ comments and public announcements.  In keeping with the principals of the Oklahoma Open Meeting Act, Council [or commission, authority or board] members and city staff will not engage in discussion or take any action under this agenda item.  If you seek discussion or further inquiry, please contact your Council Member, the Mayor or the office of the city manager.  Responses to citizen comments, if any, will occur under an applicable Agenda item at this or a future public meeting, or a response may be given by a phone call, personal meeting or a posting on the city website:
www.miamiokla.net
5.
*Action Item* Claims                                                                          Trustees
Claims List
6.
*Action Item* Minutes:  May 01, 2023 (Regular)                                                                 Trustees
Minutes
7.
*Action Item* Budget Amendment:  #23-23 Wastewater Collection Department Receipting and Expending Oklahoma Resources Board Loan Proceeds                                                    Jill Fitzgibbon
Budget Amendment
8.
*Action Item* Davis, Wright, Tremaine Claim for Pensacola/GRDA Relicensing and Associated Complaint Proceeding in the Amount of $68,238.90                        Bo Reese
BA
Claims List
9.
Discussion on Options for Solid Waste Tipping Fees for the Transfer Station                                              Tyler Cline
10.
*Potential Action Item* Other New Business, if any, Which has Arisen Since the Posting of the Agenda and Could not Have Been Anticipated Prior to the Time of Posting (25 O.S. § 311(9))               Trustees/Bo Reese
11.
Staff Reports (Written report included in packet, if available staff is present for questions)                                            Trustees
Pollution Control
Solid Waste
12.
Trustee Community Announcements                                                                                Trustees
13.
The Meeting Will be Continued From Council Chambers and Reconvened in the Staff Room for Purposes of the Executive Session at the Completion of Agenda Item 15 of the Regular Meeting of the Miami City Council                                        Chairman Parker
14.
Executive Session in the Staff Room Pursuant to 25 O.S. 307(C)(11) for Purposes of Conferring on Matters Pertaining to Economic Development, Financing, or the Creation of a Proposal to Entice a Business to Locate Within The City of Miami or the Trust Service Area                                        Trustees
15.
The Meeting Will be Reconvened in the Staff Room After the Executive Session of Both the MSUA and City Council                                                                  Trustees
16.
*Possible Action Item* on Matters Addressed in Executive Session Agenda Item Number 14                                               Trustees
17.
*Action Item* Adjournment                                       Trustees
The MSUA Board of Trustees for the City of Miami is committed to making this meeting accessible to all citizens. If special assistance or accommodations are required, please submit your request to the City Manager's office. We also ask that those in attendance place all electronic devices on silent. Thank you.